Using media queries section (#23969)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/guide/printing/index.md

## Using media queries to improve layout

> You can use the CSS {{cssxref("@media")}} at-rule to set a different appearance for your web page when it's printed on paper and when it is displayed on the screen. The `print` option sets the styles that will be used when the content is printed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the CSS {{cssxref("@media")}} at-rule to set a different appearance for your webpage when it is printed on paper and when it is displayed on the screen. The `print` option sets the styles that will be used when the content is printed.
```

> You can use CSS to change the appearance of your web page when it's printed on a paper. You can specify one font for the screen version and another for the print version. This rule allows you to specify different style for screen and a printer. Using the {{cssxref("@media")}} rule in your CSS allows you to target different media types, and screen sizes, from a single stylesheet. They can also be used to create your print styles using {{cssxref("@media")}} print.

Reviewer 2: This repeats itself in the third sentence.

```suggestion
You can use the CSS {{cssxref("@media")}} at-rule to set a different appearance for your web page when it's printed on paper and when it is displayed on the screen. The `print` option sets the styles that will be used when the content is printed.
```

## Using media queries to improve layout

You can use CSS to change the appearance of your web page when it's printed on a paper. You can specify one font for the screen version and another for the print version. This rule allows you to specify different style for screen and a printer. Using the {{cssxref("@media")}} rule in your CSS allows you to target different media types, and screen sizes, from a single stylesheet. They can also be used to create your print styles using {{cssxref("@media")}} print.

Add this at the end of your stylesheet. Note that specificity and precedence rules still apply:

```css
@media print { 
  /* All your print styles go here */

>   #header, #footer, #nav {
>     display: none !important;
>   } 

Reviewer 2: Deleting the specific example. Yes it would be fairly common to hide header, footer, nav in a way similar to this, but I don't think it is needed.

```suggestion
```

}
```

### Browser Support for "@media print"

The @media print is supported in the following browsers:

- FireFox 3.5
- Chrome 14
- Safari 3.2
- Internet Explorer 9

> - Opera 11

Reviewer: No need to include browser support manually. This table says little more than "it's supported everywhere".

> 
> ### Browser Support for "@media print"
> 
> The @media print is supported in the following browsers:
> 
> - FireFox 3.5
> - Chrome 14
> - Safari 3.2
> - Internet Explorer 9
> - Opera 11

Reviewer 2: Deleting. All compat info in MDN should be in the appropriate browser compatibility tables. 
```suggestion
```
